fix(webpack-loader): support json catalogs. Improve coverage (#1525)
lingui/js-lingui: website/docs/ref/loader.md

# Webpack Loader

> Webpack loader which compiles catalogs on the fly. In summary, `lingui compile` command isn't required when using this loader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Webpack loader compiles catalogs on the fly. In summary, the `lingui compile` command isn't needed when using this loader.
```

Simply prepend `@lingui/loader!` in front of path to message catalog you want to import. Here's an example of dynamic import:

> Extension is mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension is mandatory.

```

```ts
export async function dynamicActivate(locale: string) {
   const { messages } = await import(`@lingui/loader!./locales/${locale}/messages.po`)
   i18n.load(locale, messages)
   i18n.activate(locale)
}
```

:::note

> Catalogs with `.json` extension treated differently by Webpack. They loaded as ES module with default export, so your import should look like that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Catalogs with the `.json` extension are treated differently by Webpack. They load as ES module with default export, so your import should look like this:
```

```ts

> const { messages } = (await import(`@lingui/loader!./locales/${locale}/messages.po`)).default

Reviewer: is the extension correct?

Author: thanks, fixed
